Recommendation 3.9 split enum (#197)
cqfn/diKTat: info/available-rules.md

|    3 |      3.6 | TOO_MANY_BLANK_LINES                    | Check: warns if blank lines are used placed incorrectly.<br>Fix: removes redundant blank lines.                                                                              | yes |                                                                                    - |              
|    3 |      3.7 | WRONG_WHITESPACE                        | Check: warns if usage of horizontal spaces violates code style guide.<br>Fix: fixes incorrect whitespaces.                                                                   | yes |                         - |                                                                                     - |
|    3 |      3.8 | TOO_MANY_CONSECUTIVE_SPACES             | Check: warns if there are too many consecutive spaces in line. Exception: in enum if configured and single eol comments <br>Fix: squeezes spaces to 1.                       | yes | max_spaces saveInitialFormattingForEnums | - |

> |    3 |      3.9 | ENUMS_SEPARATED                         | Check: warns if enum structure is incorrect: enum entries should be separated by comma and line break and last entry should have semicolon in the end.                       | yes |-                          | Replace variable to enum if it possible

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|    3 |      3.9 | ENUMS_SEPARATED                         | Check: warns if enum structure is incorrect: enum entries should be separated by comma and line break and last entry should have semicolon in the end.                       | yes |-                          | Replace variable to enum if it possible |
```

> |    3 |      3.9 | ENUMS_SEPARATED                          | Check: warns if enum structure is correct: separated by comma and line break and semicolon in the and.                                                                       | yes |                                                                                                                                                                                                            | -                         | Replace variable to enum if it possible

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|    3 |      3.9 | ENUMS_SEPARATED                          | Check: warns if enum structure is incorrect: enum entries should be separated by comma and line break and last entry should have semicolon in the end.                                                                       | yes |                                                                                                                                                                                                            | -                         | Replace variable to enum if it possible |
```
